update to server docs info and script (#4604)
circleci/circleci-docs: docs/server-docs.adoc

NOTE: Master asciidoc files that are **only** used for creating PDFs have an `_` at the start of the filenames to prevent Jekyll from converting them to HTML for the main site.

== Build PDFs locally

To be able to build PDFs locally you will need to install Asciidoctor-PDF - Instructions [here](https://github.com/asciidoctor/asciidoctor-pdf#install-the-published-gem).

Then, from the top of the circleci-docs directory, run:

```sh
./scripts/build_pdfs_asciidoc.sh
```

You will then find the PDFs in: `releases/tmp`

This script is run as part of the CCI build every time you push a commit, then the PDFs can be found in the build artifacts, accessible from the CircleCI UI.

== Build PDFs with CI

The CI config for CircleCI docs is configured to build the Operator and Installation guides on commit to any branch that starts with `server/`. The PDFs appear as build artifacts and can be accessed from the CircleCI App

== Some Notes on Formatting in Asciidoc
See the Asciidoctor user manual for all available features: https://asciidoctor.org/docs/user-manual/. 

> In the next few sections I've highlighted some of the main formatting differences to markdown:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the next few sections, note some of the main formatting differences to markdown:
```
